I decided to drop some official lore for my OCs:

Orge:
Just a normal crewmate on skeld
until he found a impostor's sabotage tool on the floor in reactor
he picked it up, and then the tool grew black spikes, and stabed into Orge's hand.
he panicked, he tried to get it off
but its too late... Orge was now an impostor... (but with a crewmate's mind)
he had everything an impostor had (spiky/big mouth, sharp teeth, knife/gun)
 
in a meeting, Orge tried to explain that hes not going to kill anyone
Orge got ejected.
Orge was about to die...
until Owner (another OC), suddenly appeared, kidnaped Orge, and put him in OrgeYT's world

In OrgeYT's world, Orge didnt have to worry about getting ejected, etc
Orge never killed
So Orge lost the ability to hide his impostor identity

Noob/Boon:
Just an awesome Noob doing adventures with Boon.
The adventure chaos ended by then, its fine.
Until a strange portal appeared infront of Noob and Boon
Noob told Boon that he will go in first.
Noob was never seen after that.
Boon, just walking around, found the same portal.
He went in too.

Owner:
Existed from the start

Roblox (hes called Roblox lol):
Was made from a drawing app

OrgeYT:
Was created in a roblox avatar editor
Then was taken to a white world, with others.

Owner decided to make OrgeYT the secondary host of this world.
OrgeYT was given insane powers, but not as strong as Owner.

Flying car:
Same as Noob and Boon
Found a strange portal, and went in.

Bradbot2020 Retake:
He was chilling in the FCR world
until an attack started
Others were rushing to OrgeYT's world
to ATTACK!

Bradbot2020 retake how ever thought differently... he found OrgeYT in the world, and, was being nice.
Bradbot2020 retake stoped the chaos in the fight, and saved everyone.
But Bradbot2020 retake passed the test in FCR because:

Bradbot2020 retake made OrgeYT learn how to make music.

Bradbot2020 retake was never seen again after that.

Boyfriend:

Extracted from fnf and put into OrgeYT's world.

Died because Flying car was not looking, and crashed into BF

BF from fnf was restored after Flying car.

